MRD6 Troubleshooter
-------------------

Common problems:

 (1) P: The router doesn't create the group and source state for a
        directly attached sender.

 A: mrd6 will only create implicit states (i.e. from receiving data
    packets) if the source of those packets is local. The router will
    only assume the source is local _if and only if_ the incoming
    interface has an address with the same prefix as the source.

 (2) P: I'm testing a small setup using PIM-SM and the Any Source
        Multicast (ASM) model. The Designated Router for the source
	has created a source state for the sender and the downstream
	router has also created the (*,G) state for the localy joined
	group but no packets reach the receiver.

  A: No RP address is configured by default in mrd6, and PIM-SM
     requires one for ASM to work. You may configure an RP address on
     both routers using the following configuration:

     groups {
       ff00::/8 {
         pim rp = 2001::1;
       }
     }

     Where ff00::/8 is the group mask which is being configured and
     2001::1 is the RP address. Please note that the configured RP
     must be a PIM-SM router as well (one of your deployed routers
     would work fine). You may also configure the RP address online
     via:

     # mrd6sh groups ff00::/8 pim rp = 2001::1

If your problem doesn't match any of the previous described situations
procede with the following.

Generic troubleshooter
----------------------

Increase the logging level to 'all' by for instance either by adding
to or changing your configuration:

  log {
    attach default "mrd.log" all;
  }

You may also attach a live log watcher or change your log level while
mrd6 is running:

  # mrd6sh attach default \"mrd.log\" all

to change the log level for the logfile to 'all' or:

  # mrd6sh console attach-log all

to watch the log messages live.

After doing so repeat any operations which failed previously and check
for any error messages in the logs. These messages should express the
possible problems clearly, and if they don't, or you believe the error
is wrong or even if you get no related output at all, please contact
the developers.

